First things first, cx_Freeze is a library (like pygame) for python that converts your files into .exe's. Google 
it and then install. Heres the syntax to use:

from cx_Freeze import setup, Executable

setup(

    name = "Desired Name of the .exe",
    options = {'build.exe': {'packages':['pygame'],"included files": ["setup.py"
                                                                      ]}},
    version = "1.0",
    executables = [Executable('Name of File')]

    )


you are going to want to make a file called setup.py filled with this in the same folder that you have the game in.
If you use images, include the 'imagename.png' in the included files section. If you have something like my square 
gladiators thing that has another file called intro.py, add that into the files section. Simple. Change the version 
if you want, and fill in the name under executable('Name'). To use, go into cmd (command window) by pressing shift
and right clicking in the file folder. Then click open command window here. type:

python setup.py build

and press enter. If it says python is not recognized, remove the python part so it just says setup.py build.
Wait for a little while and if all went well, then you should get a folder called build. Open it, 
open the folder inside it, and itll be filled with crap. All the included files WILL NOT be in there by default, so
you have to put them in by yourself. If you have text in your game, then you will need to include a text file. This
can be easily done by searching .ttf into your library thing and finding the desired text type you use in your game.
If you have default, then a little work may be need to be done in order to find out what text file you are using, but
it is probably arial.ttf. put this in the file. After that, it should work. an easy way to debug it if it wont work
is to open a command window in the folder with all the stuff in it and then drag and click the .exe into the 
command window and pressing enter. all errors raised will show in the command window. A shortcut can then be created
to access it easily. After that, you are DONE!!
